---
layout: about
title: Home Page
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: hartshorne2.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hello, and thank you for visiting my website! I am a Master's student at Texas A&M University interested in tensors and algebraic geometry. I have a strong foundation in algebra (I passed my [Fall 2022 Qualifying Exam](https://www.math.tamu.edu/graduate/phd/quals.html)), and I have a good background in complex analysis/topology. I have so much to learn and am very excited to do so!

If you are here for resources to help prepare for your algebra qualifier, I have prepared a 50 page document [here](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1OYeJgUoyi0-SlrUraLvXyzm50vMapf8g) that contains solutions to the _Modules_ section of Thomas Hungerford's _Algebra_. Solutions to some other sections already exist and can be found [here](http://site.iugaza.edu.ps/mashker/files/2010/02/sol-manual-hungeford.pdf) courtesy of James Wilson.

---

## Academics

My academic plans for Spring 2023 include:

- I will be taking a second-semester algebraic geometry and differential geometry course.
- The book _Tensors: Geometry and Applications_ by J.M. Landsberg is a wonderful text which initiated my enthusiasm for tensors. I will go through the technical heart of the book with the guidance of Professor Landsberg via a reading course.
- Amusingly, I am also the owner of the domain "mathgre.com". In 2021, I started an ambitious project to create a massive tutorial center targeted at students preparing for the GRE mathematics test. Unsurprisingly, making videos specifically tailored for the types of questions you'll see in each subject takes a long time; its development also stagnated for a bit since I learned React to actually start constructing the website's skeleton. I will continue working on this next semester and (hopefully) provide regular updates on its progress.
- I think the amount of current resources that prepare students for the algebra qualifier are significantly less than for the other quals, so I hope to create more material for that.
- I will complete my Master's degree in the spring, so I need to prepare for my final exam.

---

## Tensors

A beautiful temptation of mathematics is to introduce uncontrolled abstraction wherever possible. Consequently, it is **extremely** enticing to immediately generalize tensor products to modules to lure out their algebraic properties as follows: Let $$R$$ be a ring, not necessarily commutative nor with identity, and let $$A$$ and $$B$$ be left and right $$R$$-modules, respectively. Let $$F$$ be the free abelian group on the set $$A\times B$$. Then, one can define the _tensor product_ $$A\otimes_R B$$ of $$A$$ and $$B$$ by defining $$A\otimes_R B$$ as the quotient $$F/K$$, where $$K$$ is the subgroup generated by all elements of the form:

- $$(a+a',b) - (a,b) - (a',b)$$
- $$(a,b+b') - (a,b) - (a,b')$$
- $$(ar,b) - (a,rb)$$

For all $$a,a'\in A$$, $$b,b'\in B$$, and $$r\in R$$.
